---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zia_firewall_filtering_rule Resource - terraform-provider-zia"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zia_firewall_filtering_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name of the Firewall Filtering policy rule
- **rank** (Number) Admin rank of the Firewall Filtering policy rule

### Optional

- **access_control** (String)
- **action** (String) The action the Firewall Filtering policy rule takes when packets match the rule
- **app_service_groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of app service groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--app_service_groups))
- **app_services** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of app services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--app_services))
- **default_rule** (Boolean) If set to true, the default rule is applied
- **departments** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of departments for which rule must be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--departments))
- **description** (String) Additional information about the rule
- **dest_addresses** (Set of String)
- **dest_countries** (Set of String) Destination countries for which the rule is applicable. If not set, the rule is not restricted to specific destination countries.
- **dest_ip_categories** (Set of String)
- **dest_ip_groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of dest ip groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dest_ip_groups))
- **enable_full_logging** (Boolean)
- **groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of groups for which rule must be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groups))
- **labels** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of Labels that are applicable to the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--labels))
- **last_modified_by** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--last_modified_by))
- **last_modified_time** (Number)
- **location_groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of locations groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--location_groups))
- **locations** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of locations for which rule must be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--locations))
- **nw_application_groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of nw application groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nw_application_groups))
- **nw_applications** (Set of String)
- **nw_service_groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of nw service groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nw_service_groups))
- **nw_services** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of nw services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nw_services))
- **order** (Number) Rule order number of the Firewall Filtering policy rule
- **predefined** (Boolean) If set to true, a predefined rule is applied
- **src_ip_groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of src ip groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--src_ip_groups))
- **src_ips** (Set of String) User-defined source IP addresses for which the rule is applicable. If not set, the rule is not restricted to a specific source IP address.
- **state** (String) Determines whether the Firewall Filtering policy rule is enabled or disabled
- **time_windows** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of time interval during which rule must be enforced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--time_windows))
- **users** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of users for which rule must be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **rule_id** (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--app_service_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_service_groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--app_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_services`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--departments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `departments`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--dest_ip_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dest_ip_groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--last_modified_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_modified_by`

Optional:

- **extensions** (Map of String)
- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--location_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location_groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--locations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `locations`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--nw_application_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nw_application_groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--nw_service_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nw_service_groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--nw_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nw_services`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--src_ip_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `src_ip_groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--time_windows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_windows`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


