---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zia_url_filtering_rules Resource - terraform-provider-zia"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zia_url_filtering_rules (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String)

### Optional

- **action** (String)
- **block_override** (Boolean)
- **ciparule** (Boolean) If set to true, the CIPA Compliance rule is enabled
- **departments** (Block Set, Max: 1) Name-ID pairs of departments for which rule must be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--departments))
- **description** (String)
- **end_user_notification_url** (String)
- **enforce_time_validity** (Boolean)
- **groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) Name-ID pairs of groups for which rule must be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groups))
- **labels** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of labels (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--labels))
- **last_modified_by** (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--last_modified_by))
- **last_modified_time** (Number)
- **location_groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of locations groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--location_groups))
- **locations** (Block Set, Max: 1) Name-ID pairs of locations for which rule must be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--locations))
- **order** (Number)
- **override_groups** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of override groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--override_groups))
- **override_users** (Block Set, Max: 1) list of override users (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--override_users))
- **protocols** (Set of String)
- **rank** (Number) Admin rank of the admin who creates this rule
- **request_methods** (Set of String) Request method for which the rule must be applied. If not set, rule will be applied to all methods
- **size_quota** (Number)
- **state** (String)
- **time_quota** (Number)
- **time_windows** (Block Set, Max: 1) Name-ID pairs of time interval during which rule must be enforced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--time_windows))
- **url_categories** (Set of String)
- **user_agent_types** (Set of String)
- **users** (Block Set, Max: 1) Name-ID pairs of users for which rule must be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users))
- **validity_end_time** (Number)
- **validity_start_time** (Number)
- **validity_time_zone_id** (String)

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **rule_id** (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--departments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `departments`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--last_modified_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_modified_by`

Optional:

- **extensions** (Map of String)
- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.

Read-Only:

- **name** (String)


<a id="nestedblock--location_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location_groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--locations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `locations`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--override_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `override_groups`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--override_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `override_users`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--time_windows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_windows`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Required:

- **id** (List of Number) The ID of this resource.


