---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zia_user_management Resource - terraform-provider-zia"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zia_user_management (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **comments** (String) Additional information about this user.
- **department** (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--department))
- **email** (String) User email consists of a user name and domain name. It does not have to be a valid email address, but it must be unique and its domain must belong to the organization.
- **groups** (Block List) List of Groups a user belongs to. Groups are used in policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groups))
- **name** (String) User name. This appears when choosing users for policies.
- **password** (String) User's password. Applicable only when authentication type is Hosted DB. Password strength must follow what is defined in the auth settings.
- **temp_auth_email** (String) Temporary Authentication Email. If you enabled one-time tokens or links, enter the email address to which the Zscaler service sends the tokens or links. If this is empty, the service will send the email to the User email.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **user_id** (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--department"></a>
### Nested Schema for `department`

Optional:

- **comments** (String) Additional information about this department
- **deleted** (Boolean)
- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.
- **idp_id** (Number) Identity provider (IdP) ID
- **name** (String) Department name


<a id="nestedblock--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Optional:

- **comments** (String) Additional information about the group
- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.
- **idp_id** (Number) Unique identfier for the identity provider (IdP)
- **name** (String) Group name


